Add README.md (#11)
digital-earths-global-hackathon/hk25-teams: README.md

# Science, Tutorials and Tech

This repository collects the work of different science teams during the global hackathon. It serves as a collaboration platform and provides information about various science teams including code examples, scripts and tutorials.

## Contribute with your own idea

> Create you own science team! Open a pull request and create a directory under an **identifier** following the pattern 'hk25-[zy*n*]'. Add the description of your science team in a README file. You can follow the scheme provided by the list of [existing teams](https://digital-earths-global-hackathon.github.io/hk25/scienceteams/). Once you have your science team, use this repository to upload scripts, tutorials and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create you own science team! Open a pull request and create a directory under an **identifier** following the pattern `hk25-[zy*n*]`[^1]. Add the description of your science team in a README file. You can follow the scheme provided by the list of [existing teams](https://digital-earths-global-hackathon.github.io/hk25/scienceteams/). Once you have your science team, use this repository to upload scripts, tutorials and more.

[^1]: An acronym consisting of two letters, followed by a progressive number.
```
